# APCS Final Project
THIS DOCUMENT IS REQUIRED
## Group Info
## Overview
## Instructions
This project is a knockoff of the popular mobile game, Plants Vs Zombies. While our version is much less polished, there are some things that we tried that would only be possible in processing. Our main file is Plants Vs Zombies; That’s where the game is run.The plants file as well as the zombies file work similarly to what you’d expect. In order to place plants, we make use of a 2D array which is constantly updated throughout the course of the game. We have a folder filled with sprites in this repo, as well. This project was made by Gaven Nowak and John Chandler!
===================================
            How to play!

Once you load into the main menu, click on it to continue.

Then, click on the plants you want and then hit enter once you are happy with the ones you have.
DISCLAIMER- Not every plant shown from the grid currently works! If you chose a plant which is currently not implemented, it will simply be replaced by a peashooter when the time comes to plant it.
Currently, the Implemented plants are as follows:
*Peashooter
*Repeater
*Threepeater
*Gatling Pea
*Frozen Peashooter
*Sunflower
*TwinSunflower
*Sunshroom
*Walnut
*Tallnut
*Potato Mine
*Chomper
*Squash
*Cactus
*Marigold
*Spikeweed
*Spikerock
*Puffshroom
*Fumeshroom
*Cobcannon
*Cherrybomb

Once in game you can click on the plants you have chosen from the top of the screen and drag them to the lawn. They will then be placed and start shooting zombies.

The zombies spawn in waves and will not spawn for the first half minute or so to give you time to generate some sun. If they get too close to your house, you lose!

 Oh by the way, you need sun to place plants. Sun will fall from the sky and will be generated by sunflowers, twin sunflowers and sunshrooms. Left click on falling sun to collect it.

 Try to survive and collect as much money as possible! marigold plants will generate coins. Left click on them to collect them.

 Other key inputs:

 -a: Generate a lot of sun @ your mouse's location

 -c: Generate a lot of coins @ your mouse's location

 -0: Spawn every zombie in random rows.

 -1: Enter next wave without waiting for the timer

 -m: Go back to the main menu

 -enter: Start the zombie invasion with your selected plants

 -s (+ left click): remove the plant at the mouse location
